BORG can use the ical4j library (ical4j.sourceforge.net) to export Appointment data to iCal
format.


LIMITATIONS
-----------

Every iCal based program seems to pick and choose which elements of iCal format they want to use
and which way they interpret them. Different programs also seem to use non-standard amounts
of whitespace. The ical4j libraries used by BORG seem to stick to the iCal standard and cannot parse
iCal files from some other programs that don't follow the standard exactly.

The iCal files produced by BORG have been tested with phpicalendar and outlook. (and a little with Mozilla Calendar, 
which has serious performance problems when importing my 4000 appointments).

Not every feature in BORG corresponds to something in iCal format that other iCal
based calendars will understand.

The following are limitations:
1. Repeat by Monthly(day), weekdays, and weekends will not export correctly at this time. All other repeat options are exported correctly
2. Tasks from the task tracker are not exported. They do not correspond to iCal items.
3. Address book information is not exported. It does not correspond to iCal items.
4. Built-in US and Canadian Holidays are not exported
5. Appt occurrences in a repeating sequence that are marked as deleted using Delete-One-Only will appear as not-deleted when exported.
6. Appts marked as Todo's can be exported as a VToDo or a VEvent, not both. This is a new option on the misc option tab. In iCal based programs, VToDo's usually
appear in a task list and NOT in the calendar itself. VEvents appear in the calendar, but not on the task list.
I suggest setting the option to export them as VEvents. In addition, the information about which occurrences of a 
repeating todo have been completed will not be exported at this time.

Most of the above are limited because the iCal programs (like Mozilla Calendar and phpicalendar) do not have
corresponding functionality. In most cases, the programs have equal but different functionality.

As you try to use the exported iCal data, feel free to log bugs or feature requests in the project trackers.
I have only limited ways to test this, and I expect that once users try things out with other programs,
like Ximian and Apple iCal, more issues will become apparent.
  
** CAUTION **
-------------
Currently, BORG does not keep imported appointments separate from manually entered ones. So, if you import 
a calendar containing a load of appointments, you cannot easily delete them all if you find that don't want them.
