
At this point, only a single user is supported per DB, although multiple DBs can be created. 

BORG has ONLY been tested with MYSQL. Instructions here are for MYSQL only 
Some familiarity with MYSQL is assumed in the instructions below.
To use RDBMS support with MYSQL:
1.	Install MYSQL and make it accessible on your machine or network. See www.mysql.com for the software (which is free).

2.	Create a database for BORG data in MYSQL. Name it whatever you like.

3.	Create a user with at least select/insert/update/delete access to your database 

4.	Create the BORG database tables in your database. This is done by running the SQL contained in the borg.sql file 
that comes with BORG. How you run this depends on what tools you are using. From the mysql command line you 
would do this:

mysql>use your-database-name
mysql>source borg.sql               <=== you need the full path to borg.sql if it is not in your current folder.

5.	BORG looks for a database driver for MYSQL in the CLASSPATH. The driver is ** NOT ** shipped with BORG. 
You have to download this separately. BORG is tested with MYSQL Connector/J 
from www.mysql.com/products/connector-j/index.html. To use this, download the latest stable version. 
Included should be a jar file called something like: mysql-connector-java-3.0.11-stable-bin.jar. 
Copy it to the lib/ext folder under where the JAVA Runtime is installed. 
If you don’t correctly do this step, you will get an error saying that the Driver class cannot be found.

6.	Run BORG and set the MySQL database parameters from the database options screen.
7.	You can transfer data from BORG data files by exporting the data to XML when using the file-based, switching  
to the new MySQL DB, and then importing the data from XML.

So, why use RDBMS???? I am not sure. It is much more complicated and requires more administration. 
I would imagine that some users are comfortable with setting up MYSQL and might want to take advantage 
of the fact that once the data is in an RDBMS,  ad-hoc data access is easy through SQL. 
An RDBMS also provides a path forward to allowing multi-user access or even a web interface in the future.
MYSQL can also be run remotely!! If you have a secure network, no additional work is needed. 
Just enter the remote hostname in BORG as the DB host. If you are going to run over the internet, 
I would suggest using SSH-based tunneling to keep your data secure. The MySQL manual describes how to set this 
up.
